What's the matter, dad?
Really got this kid combed
Can you save my dad?
Yes, then hurry up and save him.
Didn't you believe this quack doctor just now?
Are you still kicking me out?
I was also temporarily deceived by the game
Please save my dad
Forget it, for Shen Shu's sake
I won't bother with you this time
Dad, get the needle
Give him the needle now
Miss Shen
Don't play with your father's life
You can really cure my dad
There's nothing I can't cure right now
Hmm, I'll let you go.
You'll know when you kill someone.
There is no one in the world today who can outnumber me
Just wobbly
Disease of the patient's lungs
You're actually distorted in your throat and in people
Breathe him out
Must die
Ahaha, what's wrong with you?
I told you so.
must die
You ghost, I'll fight for you
Don't worry, it will be there in a minute.
Angry humph
It's still blowing, miss, let's call the police
Take this Keiko hand away
Dad helmet why do you believe you are a liar
He killed you, right? 123
This is the Three Immortals Needle